The goal for this project was to create a library application in which a user can view and find any book within the library through multiple forms of functionality. In order to achieve this, I created a program using JavaScript and JQuery.  The functions I wrote to carry out tasks upon user interaction were written using a prototyped design pattern in order for multiple different libraries to be compatible with the program.  

An explanation for what each function does is as follows:

Add Books - adds a book to the library.
Add Books - adds multiple books to the library at the same time.
Remove Books - removes books from the library.
Remove By Author - removes books with a specific author.
Get List of Authors - displays a list of every author featured in the library.
Get Random Book - displays a random book from the library.
Get Random Author - displays random author from the library.
Get Book By Title - displays a book by searching by title.
Get Book By Author - displays books by searching for a specific author.

Each book within the library is defined by four properties including book title, book author, number of pages, and publish date.  A user is able to interact with the objects in the library by searching by title, searching by author, adding books, removing books, getting a random title suggestion, getting a random author suggestion, and getting a list of every author in the library.  Each of these actions is powered by a function within the program that carries out not only the obvious task, but also updates the library in local storage. The functions also check against each other to prevent a book from being added should it already exist in the library.  It also is not case sensitive and users can search and carry out actions using partial search terms. 

Once the functionality was up and running, I created a front facing interface for users to easily interact with.  This interface built using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, and limited JavaScript and JQuery.  Using input fields and buttons, a user can interact with the books in the library in all of the way suggested above.  I attempted to keep the design minimal as to keep the user experience enjoyable and stress free.
